(P) Neosnooker. Existing for the sake of being a mere signature.

This Work is free, as in free of ties, and is a public domain Work.

All entities possess the freedom to interact with the Work in any way, or
specifically, the freedom to use, copy, modify, publish, distribute, or do
whatever to this Work, regardless of intents, publication commerciality, if
published, and medium.

In jurisdictions that either enforce copyright laws, or do not recognize
public domain status of any works, the author(s) of the Work grant a
perpetual, irrevocable, worldwide copyright of this Work to the public
domain, in the belief that (i), restriction of access to the Work is merely
stupid, for others may be able to create a Work that is similar to this Work
in terms of function, and (ii), all forms of authority, government, and
currency are unnecessary, and so is obtaining the sole right to copy, and
(iii), those who choose to interact with the Work in any way holds a good
intent, and (iv), works alike this Work are not a representation of the
intellect - intellect is to be represented by vast understanding, not
ownership of properties. All legal entities are granted the rights mentioned
in the section above; that is, the right to use, copy, modify, publish,
distribute, or however interact with this Work, for all intents and
purposes.

This Work is provided in its raw, modified form, and not provided with any
form of warranty, whether express, or implied. In no event shall the authors,
or any contributor of the original Work, be subject to any form of liability
for any legal claim, damage, or loss aroused from any involvement with the
Work.
